<!doctype html>
<html>

<head>
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
  <title> Simply Code - Meeting 2</title>
  <link rel="preconnect" href="https://fonts.googleapis.com">
  <link rel="preconnect" href="https://fonts.gstatic.com" crossorigin>
  <link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Work+Sans:wght@200&display=swap"
  rel="stylesheet">
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css">
  <link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="favicon.png">
</head>

<body>

<div class="header">
    <h1>Simply Code</h1>
</div>

<div id="nav">
  <ul class="nav"><b>
    <li class="nav"><a href="index.html">Team Profile</a></li>
    <li class="nav"><a class="active" href="tools.html">Tools</a></li>
    <li class="nav"><a href="industry_data.html">Industry Data</a></li>
    <li class="nav"><a href="it_work.html">IT Work</a></li>
    <li class="nav"><a href="it_technologies.html">IT Technologies</a></li>
    <li class="nav"><a href="project_idea.html">Project Idea</a></li>
    <li class="nav"><a href="group_reflection.html">Group Reflection</a></li>
    </b>
  </ul>
</div>

<div class="main">

    <h2>Meeting 2 Info</h2><br>
    <table id=attributes>
        <tr>
            <th>Date & Time</th>
            <td>24/06/2021 @ 18:00 AEST</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>Attendees</th>
            <td>Charles, Kiran, Marius, Sean (chair), Tiarna, Trillion</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>Apologies</th>
            <td>-</td>
        </tr>
        <tr></tr>
            <th>Streaming link</th> 
            <td><a class="work-link" href="https://web.microsoftstream.com/video/3629c6ab-bec0-43bb-8c4a-5848a13416a6 ">Meeting 2 recording</a></td>
        </tr>
        </tr>
    </table><br>

    <div style='max-width: 640px' class="center"><div style='position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden;'><iframe width="640" height="360" src="https://web.microsoftstream.com/embed/video/3629c6ab-bec0-43bb-8c4a-5848a13416a6?autoplay=false&showinfo=false" allowfullscreen style="border:none; position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; right: 0; bottom: 0; height: 100%; max-width: 100%;"></iframe></div></div>

    <h2>Agenda</h2>
<ul>
    <li>Review action items from previous meeting </li>
    <li>Choose the team name and structure </li>
    <li>Scheduling and responding to meeting requests </li>
    <li>Do a quick read through the spec as a group 
        <ul><li>review the rubric for key  </li></ul>
    </li>
    <li>Consider how to break the assignment down into tasks 
        <ul>
            <li>Solo Tasks</li>
            <li>Shared Tasks</li>
        </ul>
    </li>
    <li>Task Allocation </li>
    <li>Team communication across busy schedules </li>
    <li>Extra Meetings 
        <ul><li>"sub-committee" meetings for shared tasks perhaps?</li></ul>
    </li>
    
</ul>



<h2>Minutes</h2>
<ul>
    <li>Reviewed action items from last meeting. All completed. </li>
    <li>The team has chosen the name <b>"Simply Code"</b> to represent our efforts </li>
    <li>We discussed the team structure and operation and will start by: 
        <ol>
            <li>maintaining a loose structure of autonomous members with a rotation for the meeting chair </li>
            <li>each completing tasks that each of us needs to be doing individually </li>
            <li>volunteering for tasks that need to be done </li>
            <li>providing support to each other to ensure the team completes all tasks regardless of individual life stuff that may be occurring </li>
            <li>discussed the need to keep things as streamlined as possible</li>
            <li>having a single person liaise with all team members to check progress, determine where support might be needed, and organise the tasks board. Team members identify tasks for the team liaison to set up - Sean has volunteered for this </li>
            <li>create polls for decision making so that the group leads </li>
            <li>having all tasks peer reviewed by at least one other team member for feedback before marking them as completed </li>
        </ol>
    </li>
    <li>We discussed the need to manage potentially large documents (E.g.: Project Report) with multiple editors 
        <ul>
            <li>Github is not ideal for this purpose 
                <ul>
                    <li>it doesn't allow for asynchronous editing of advanced file types </li>
                    <li>it is ideal for simple file types such as text files </li>
                </ul>
            </li>
            <li>Marius suggested we use <b>Sharepoint</b> for managing our documents, and has volunteered to set this up for the team </li>
        </ul>
    </li>
    <li>Ran through most of the project spec as a team to identify what we are doing, and some of the tasks that will arise 
        <ol>
            <li>further discussion will be required as we go (some tasks might be merged, and others split for example) </li>
            <li>identified some initial tasks to load into the tasks tool 
                <ul><li>TASK ITEM: one person will complete the Ideal Jobs analysis for the team. this should be a couple of paragraphs and a chart or two. approximately 300-500 words. </li></ul>
            </li>
            <li>ran through a simple task organisation process - 4 bucket/channel/column system: 
                Unassigned, In Progress, For Review, Completed </li>
            <li>Briefly mentioned Feedback and Group Reflection sections, and highlighted that each of us would need to contribute a paragraph or two, and therefore each of us will have individual tasks here </li>
            <li>still need to determine which project idea and IT technologies to work on. Trillion has volunteered to set up Polls for these project sections, so that we can discuss it at the next meeting </li>
        </ol>
    </li>
    <li>Trillion reminded us at the end of the meeting that the next meeting would need a chair, and has volunteered to do this. </li>
</ul>


<h2>Action Items</h2>
<p>Assigned to Everyone
    <ul>
        <li>Everyone will review each other's project ideas for discussion at the next team meeting so that we can determine a project to base work on for the A3 assignment 
            <ul>
                <li>projects should be picked apart a little in terms of their feasibility to work on as a team, and to produce artefacts for presentation in A3 </li>
                <li>As an aside, if anyone thinks of an alternative idea, they should bring that as well </li>
            </ul>
        </li>
        <li>Everyone will work on their own Profile summaries and try to get them done before we next meet</li>
        <li>Charles has volunteered to create the GitHub repository for the team. Named "SimplyCode" or "CPT110SimplyCode" if the team name is taken. </li>
        <li>For next meeting: 
            <ul>
                <li>Discuss Industry Data section and possible tasks </li>
                <li>Discuss IT Technologies section and tasks </li>
                <li>Project Idea and possible tasks </li>
                <li>How to ground all of the tasks in the Rubric </li>
            </ul>
        </li>
    </ul>
</p>






</div>

</body>
</html>