<!doctype html>
<html>

<head>
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
  <title> Simply Code - Meeting 6</title>
  <link rel="preconnect" href="https://fonts.googleapis.com">
  <link rel="preconnect" href="https://fonts.gstatic.com" crossorigin>
  <link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Work+Sans:wght@200&display=swap"
  rel="stylesheet">
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css">
  <link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="favicon.png">
</head>

<body>

<div class="header">
  <h1>Simply Code</h1>
</div>

<section>
<div id="nav" style='z-index:1'>
  <ul class="nav"><b>
    <li class="nav"><a href="team_profile.html">Team Profile</a></li>
    <li class="nav"><a class="active" href="tools.html">Tools</a></li>
    <li class="nav"><a href="industry_data.html">Industry Data</a></li>
    <li class="nav"><a href="it_work.html">IT Work</a></li>
    <li class="nav"><a href="it_technologies.html">IT Technologies</a></li>
    <li class="nav"><a href="project_idea.html">Project Idea</a></li>
    <li class="nav"><a href="group_reflection.html">Group Reflection</a></li>
    </b>
  </ul>
</div>

<div class="main">

<h2>Meeting 6 Info</h2><br>
    <table id=attributes>
        <tr>
            <th>Date & Time</th>
            <td>08/07/2021 @ 14:00 AEST</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>Attendees</th>
            <td> Marius, Sean (chair), Tiarna </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>Apologies</th>
            <td>Charles, Kiran, Trillion</td>
        </tr>
        <tr></tr>
            <th>Streaming link</th> 
            <td><a class="work-link" href="https://web.microsoftstream.com/video/79307fd0-55f7-4564-9cfc-59a1b4a8d57a">Meeting 6 recording</a></td>
        </tr>
        </tr>
    </table>    
<br><div style='max-width: 640px; z-index: -1'  class=center><div style='position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden;'><iframe width="640" height="360" src="https://web.microsoftstream.com/embed/video/79307fd0-55f7-4564-9cfc-59a1b4a8d57a?autoplay=false&showinfo=false" allowfullscreen style="border:none; position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; right: 0; bottom: 0; height: 100%; max-width: 100%;"></iframe></div></div>

<br>
<h2>Agenda</h2>
<p>
    <ul>
        <li>Outstanding Business
            <ul>
                <li>Action items from previous meeting</li>
                <li>Status update on allocated tasks</li>
            </ul>
        </li>
        <li>Assignment 1 Feedback
            <ul>
                <li>What did we each do really well?</li>
                <li>Which part of our project scored the least?</li>
                <li>What are the takeaways, both individually, and how it relates to the team's efforts
                    on A2?</li>
            </ul>
        </li>
        <li>Final task allocations
            <ul>
                <li>Set some hard deadlines to complete work by for completion and submission</li>
            </ul>
        </li>
    </ul>
</p>

<h2>Minutes</h2>
<p><ol>
    <li>Reviewed last meeting action items 
        <ol type="a">
            <li>Marius is collating tools info for the tools section of the project</li>
            <li>Has looked into SharePoint settings to pull out metadata should it be needed, but it isn't straight forward </li>
            <li>Discussed the Industry Data and Burning Glass info.  Everyone is encouraged to complete their section of the Industry Data word document in section 2.3 of SharePoint </li>
        </ol></li>
    <li>Marius has his overview section mostly done and ready for a review. Motivation and Description sections are in the pipeline and due to be completed soon 
        <ol type="a"><li>Marius would like some help to get the Technologies and Skills sections of the project Ideas document completed. </li></ol>
    </li>
    <li>Tiarna has nearly completed the IT Work Section </li>
    <li>Discussed the A1 project feedback in brief 
        <ol type="a">
            <li>Sean has created a wiki page where we can all share our results so that we can examine our relative strengths and weaknesses with a view to better define our responsibilities for A3. This is also an opportunity to learn both from each others successes as well as mistakes. </li>
                    </ol></li>
    <li>Only 1 week and this weekend to go until the assignment is to be handed in.  
        <ol type="a">
            <li>Outstanding tasks need to be quickly allocated and completed in draft by Wednesday (14th) next week to ensure time to address any issues before the Thursday meeting, with a view to everything being essentially completed by the following Saturday (17th) so give us all time to complete the website and report. </li>
            <li>By next Saturday/Sunday we all need to have completed our Spark Plus Feedback and Group Reflections, ready to be included in the report or uploaded to Spark Plus </li>
        </ol></li>
    <li>Sean has volunteered to put together the project report </li>
    <li>Discussed the need to have everyone markup their A2 project contributions for inclusion on the website </li>

</ol></p>







<h2>Action Items</h2>
<p>
    <ul>
        <li>Commit team to complete Industry Data info before the Saturday Meeting if they haven't done so yet. </li>   
        <li>Tiarna has committed to complete this task by Saturday so that it can be reviewed that evening</li>
        <li>Need a volunteer to complete the Technologies Section of the Project Ideas Document </li>   
        <li>Need a volunteer to complete the Skills section of the Projects Ideas Document </li>   
        <li>Need a volunteer to complete the Ideal Jobs section of A2 (perhaps roll in some of the summaries from the Industry data we've gathered) </li>   
        <li>Need a volunteer to complete the Industry data report (most likely 600-1000 words give or take, plus some graphic elements </li> 
        <li>Need a volunteer to complete the team personalities analysis. (A couple of paragraphs perhaps) </li>    
    </ul>
</p>

</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>